Update how-to-authenticate-an-imap-pop-smtp-application-by-using-oaut… (#332)
MicrosoftDocs/office-developer-exchange-docs: docs/legacy-protocols/how-to-authenticate-an-imap-pop-smtp-application-by-using-oauth.md

<SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_ID> -AccessRights FullAccess
```

> Different ID have to be used during creation of the Exchange ServicePrincipal and also later grating mailbox permissions. The further example should help you to use the right IDs in the differenz stages. As the exmaple is using Azure AD cmdelts you would need additionally install Azure AD Powershell module (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/active-directory/install-adv2?view=azureadps-2.0#installing-the-azure-ad-module). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different IDs are used during creation of the Exchange ServicePrincipal and also later when granting mailbox permissions. The following example may help you to use the correct ID for the different stages. The example uses Azure AD cmdelts you'll need to install the Azure AD PowerShell module, if you haven't already. For more information, see [Install Azure Active Directory PowerShell for Graph](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/active-directory/install-adv2?view=azureadps-2.0#installing-the-azure-ad-module).
```

> Different IDs are used during creation of the Exchange ServicePrincipal and also later when granting mailbox permissions. The following example may help you to use the correct ID for the different stages. The example uses Azure AD cmdelts you'll need to install the Azure AD PowerShell module, if you haven't already. For more information, see [Install Azure Active Directory PowerShell for Graph](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/active-directory/install-adv2?view=azureadps-2.0#installing-the-azure-ad-module).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different IDs are used during creation of the Exchange ServicePrincipal and also later when granting mailbox permissions. The following example may help you to use the correct ID for the different stages. The example uses Azure AD cmdelts so you'll need to install the Azure AD PowerShell module, if you haven't already. For more information, see [Install Azure Active Directory PowerShell for Graph](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/azure/active-directory/install-adv2?view=azureadps-2.0#installing-the-azure-ad-module).
```
